Community Call updates, August 2023 (#1238)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: _events/2023/2023-08-community-call.md

---
title: August 2023 Community Call
expires: 2023-08-12
event_date: "August 11, 2023"
layout: event
duration: 60
repeated: false
category: community-call
time:
    - - start: 2023-08-11T18:00:00Z
        end: 2023-08-11T19:00:00Z
---

The next community call will be about **Career Mentoring Plans** on **Friday, August 11, 2pm ET/1pm CT/12pm MT/11am PT**.

What does a good RSE (and more generally cyber infrastructure) profession’s development and mentoring plan look like? What works in practice and what aspiration goals are still harder than they should be? What could be done to improve short-term and long-term career development planning? These are just some of the questions that come to mind when thinking about how we can improve RSE careers. In our August US-RSE Community Call, we will gather different perspectives and experiences about what mentoring for RSEs looks (or could look) like in different types of organizations. Have you been mentored to climb the career ladder? Was there a plan in place? How did it work out for you? Or do you wish you would have had a career mentor? Come join us and share your thoughts!

#### Registration details

> Information on how to register for the Zoom meeting will be sent via email and posted in the #general channel on Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information on how to register for the Zoom meeting will be sent via email and posted in the `#general` and `#communitycalls` channels on Slack.
```
